# Application of Blockchain on Asset-backed Securities
## Abstract
Blockchain and Asset-backed securities are both very hot topics in recent years, this report is going to find how these two fit each other and inspire vitality in the finance industry.

## 1.What is an Asset-backed Security
### Definition
An asset-backed security is a kind of debt financing instrument that is collateralized by a pool of assets that can generate stable and regular cash flows stipulated by their terms, such as loans, leases, credit card debt, royalties or receivables. They are shares of the beneficial interest of a trust issued by a trustee representing a special purpose vehicle (SPV).The trustee shall undertake the obligation to pay the revenue from the asset-backed securities to the investors within the limit of the trust property itself. Its payments are based on the cash flow generated by the pool of assets backing the securities. The time this asset-backed security pays back the principal is closely related to the time when the underlying asset receives the cash flow, this is also the major difference between asset-backed security and other traditional debt financing instrument such as corporate bonds, mid-term notes and commercial papers.

### History
ABS was originated in the United States. Before the 1970s, the US government implemented strict supervision over the financial industry. After the 1970s, in order to cope with the multiple pressures from inflation and economic recession in the United States, the banking industry began a series of financial innovations, forcing the government authorities to relax financial supervision. The government's relaxation of financial regulations greatly promoted a series of financial innovations, including asset securitization. In 1968, The US Government National Mortgage Association packed up all its newly-issued mortgage loans as the underlying asset and issued the residential mortgage pass-through securities to raise funds for residential mortgage, which is essentially the mortgage-backed securities(MBS) today and opened the prelude of using MBS as a new means of financing. During this period, the ABS market has two important characteristics: 
   1. The ABS market developed extremely fast. However, it was only restricted in the United States, and a large number of housing loan institutions used asset securitization to disperse and transfer risks, and achieved good results; 
   2. The scope of the subjects of assets securitized is relatively small, that is, the development of asset securitization is dominated by MBS and limited to housing mortgage loans at that time.
   
After the 1970s, asset securitization has been widely applied in the United States. While the securitization of housing mortgage loans continues to expand, the securitized assets, besides housing mortgage loans, also extend to other kinds od assets, such as auto loans, credit card receivables and commercial loan. The ABS establishers of credit cards, auto loans and student tuition loans imitated the operation mode of MBS by putting a combination of the above new assets into an asset pool and issuing asset-backed securities. But MBS has always been the mainstream of asset securitization with the largest share. During this period, the ABS market has three important characteristics: 
   1. The underlying assets have been extended to a broader scope; 
   2. The concept of asset securitization has spread to developed countries in Europe. Asset securitization in Britain and France developed the fastest and to the highest degree, followed by Germany, Sweden, Italy and Spain. Due to the differences in legal system structure, the scale of asset securitization in Europe is far less than that in the United States; 
   3. MBS still dominates the US securitization market. 

ABS business started in China in 2005, the China Development Bank and China Construction Bank issued credit asset ABS respectively, and China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) also started pilot experiment on enterprise ABS. However, during the 2008 global financial crisis, China's asset securitization business was facing great public pressure, the CBRC immediately called a halt to the issuance of credit asset securitization products. It was not until 2011 that ABS in China restarted and new breeds of ABS such as asset-backed notes and were introduced, and more financial institutions had the rights to issue ABS. After year 2014, with the change of the examination method of credit ABS and enterprise ABS from pre-approval to post-filing, the issuance efficiency of asset securitization products has been greatly improved, and the information disclosure has been more complete. China’s ABS market entered the stage of vigorous development.

The chart below shows the development of ABS market in China (Source: Wind). We can see that the issuance volume of ABS exploded after year 2014. The ABS issuance volume between 2014 to 2018 is 330.98, 613.52, 884.69, 1,503.06 and 2,013.94 billion RMB, respectively. 
